feat(curriculum): add workshop-word-counter to JS v9 cert (#64012)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/workshop-word-counter/6921d688b8d58581d34459b9.md

---
id: 6921d688b8d58581d34459b9
title: Step 5
challengeType: 0
dashedName: step-5
---

# --description--

> Now you’ll work on the previously mentioned function that counts how often a string appears in an array of strings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the next few steps, you will build a function that counts how often a string appears in an array of strings.
```
